c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.App.xaml.g.cs
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.Views.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.pdb
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/OXamarin.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/OXamarin.pdb
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Forms.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Unity.Forms.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.xml
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Forms.xml
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Unity.Forms.xml
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Unity.Forms.dll.config
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.dll.mdb
c:/users/y/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/OXamarin/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/OXamarin.dll.mdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/OXamarin.dll.config
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/OXamarin.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/OXamarin.dll.mdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Forms.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Unity.Forms.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll.mdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Forms.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Unity.Forms.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Prism.Unity.Forms.dll.config
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll.mdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.csproj.App.config
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.App.xaml.g.cs
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.Views.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.dll
/Users/momotea/Desktop/anything/開発/listview-command-master/OXamarin/OXamarin/obj/Debug/OXamarin.dll.mdb
